Notification Plugin docs (#22)
breez/breez-sdk-liquid-docs: src/notifications/logging.md

# Adding logging

> You can override the default logger used by the Notification Plugin to use your own logging implementation or dependency. Lets look at an example of a file logger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the default logger used by the Notification Plugin to use your own logging implementation or dependency. Let's look at an example of a file logger.
```

<custom-tabs category="lang">
<div slot="title">Swift</div>
<section>

> In iOS lets use the <code>XCGLogger</code> to handle logging to a separate log file in the app group's shared directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On iOS, let's use the <code>XCGLogger</code> to handle logging to a separate log file in the app group's shared directory.
```

    // Override the `init` function 
    override init() {
        let logsDir = FileManager
            .default.containerURL(forSecurityApplicationGroupIdentifier: accessGroup)!.appendingPathComponent("logs")
        let extensionLogFile = logsDir.appendingPathComponent("\(Date().timeIntervalSince1970).ios-extension.log")
        let xcgLogger: XCGLogger = {
            let log = XCGLogger.default
            log.setup(level: .info, showThreadName: true, showLevel: true, showFileNames: true, showLineNumbers: true, writeToFile: extensionLogFile.path)
            return log
        }()
        
        super.init()

        // Set Notification Service Logger to SdkLogListener that utilizes XCGLogger library
        let sdkLogger = SdkLogListener(logger: xcgLogger)
        self.setLogger(logger: sdkLogger)
        // Use the same SdkLogListener to listen in on BreezSDKLiquid logs
        do {
            try BreezSDKLiquid.setLogger(logger: sdkLogger)
        } catch let e {
            self.logger.log(tag: TAG, line:"Failed to set log stream: \(e)", level: "ERROR")
        }
    }
}
```

</section>
<div slot="title">Kotlin</div>
<section>

> In Android lets use the <code>tinylog</code> to handle logging to a file. First create a utility class to configure tinylog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Android, let's use the <code>tinylog</code> to handle logging to a file. First create a utility class to configure tinylog.
```

                System.setProperty("tinylog.timestamp", System.currentTimeMillis().toString())

                if (isInit == false) {
                    Logger.tag(TAG).debug { "Starting ${BuildConfig.APPLICATION_ID}..." }
                    Logger.tag(TAG).debug { "Logs directory: '$loggingDir'" }
                    isInit = true
                }
                return isInit
            }
        }
    }
}
```

When a message is received by the messaging service, configure the logger.

```kotlin,ignore
package com.example.application

import breez_sdk_liquid_notification.MessagingService
import com.example.application.LogHelper.Companion.configureLogger
import com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingService
import com.google.firebase.messaging.RemoteMessage

class ExampleFcmService : MessagingService, FirebaseMessagingService() {
    override fun onMessageReceived(remoteMessage: RemoteMessage) {
        super.onMessageReceived(remoteMessage)
        // Initialise the logger
        configureLogger(applicationContext)
        Logger.tag(TAG).debug { "FCM message received!" }

        // Go on to call `startServiceIfNeeded`
    }
}
```

> When the foreground service is created, initialise the SDK logger and subscribe to log entries

Reviewer: Missing punctuation
```suggestion
When the foreground service is created, initialise the SDK logger and subscribe to log entries.
```
